Kosta Dubovskiy
Randy Pausch's Last Lecture Notes
11-29-2021
Mr. Mykolyk

questions/comments/responses/mullings

His cheery stoicism is admirable.

His story telling skills are absolutely amazing. He's enthralling to watch, he takes the viewer/listener along for the journey with him. 

He sort of reminds me of Feynman, very clear and always an overarching theme that only becomes apparent if you let yourself truly listen.

It's selfish(or maybe just blissfully ignorant) to kill people's drive by saying "you did amazing" rather than "that was pretty good, but I know you could do better". Awarding participation trophies and withholding criticisms are the fastest ways to kill a person's ambition. Who wants to keep going when they've been told they've already arrived?

Be cheerful. Don't lose sight of the curiosity within you. Help others. Don't be a jackass. Love all sorts of feedback—take it all with a grain of salt, but love it. Treasure people who won't spew bullshit to you. 

Seems like a lot more people are losing sight of all of the above recently, noticeably in school—since that's where curiosity should be brightest hopefully—but also all over the world.

The world has a lot of brick walls. They're there to filter out those people who give up at the mere shadow of one. Learn to get excited when you run head first into a brick wall(or keep your head up when you run), because that means that there's a good chance you're almost where you're aiming to get.

Karma and serendipity are your guides, trust them. Expose yourself to the world, be earnest and honest, those are the best ways for you to understand yourself—and for others to do the same. Offer sincere apologies, communicate with others if you think you may have done something wrong. External inputs are elucidating godsends, remind yourself to view them as helpful not overwhelming and rude. 

Forget about yourself a bit sometimes, focus on the world around you and those in it.

Brick walls let us show our dedication.

Show gratitude, it's better to be excessive than accidentally come off as under-appreciative. 

Luck is where preparation meets opportunity.

Wow that was a really good talk.